README.md, before:

# OAuth2/Phoenix Example Application

> This is an example application showing how one can integrate with the
> [OAuth2](https://github.com/scrogson/oauth2) library and
> the [Phoenix](https://github.com/phoenixframework/phoenix) framework.

![Alt text](https://monosnap.com/file/PahR5zCiU9EapeRyuvAKn1AyTitp1p.png)

To start the application:

1. Register a new application on [GitHub](https://github.com/settings/applications/new)
    - Enter http://lvh.me:4000/auth/github/callback for the Authorization callback URL
2. Set the `GITHUB_REDIRECT_URI` environment variable to the callback URL
3. Set the `GITHUB_CLIENT_ID` and `GITHUB_CLIENT_SECRET` environment variables
4. Install Elixir dependencies with `mix deps.get`
5. Install NodeJS dependencies with `npm install`
6. Setup the database with `mix ecto.setup`
7. Start the application with `mix phoenix.server`

Now you can visit `lvh.me:4000` from your browser and click "Sign in with
GitHub".

After authorizing the application, you should see the welcome message above.

Commit message:

de Repo/Ecto/Database the app

README.md, after:

# OAuth2/Phoenix Example Application

Fork of github.com/scrogson/oauth2_example that removes Ecto/Repo/Database from this app

> This is an example application showing how one can integrate with the
> [OAuth2](https://github.com/scrogson/oauth2) library and
> the [Phoenix](https://github.com/phoenixframework/phoenix) framework.

![Alt text](https://monosnap.com/file/PahR5zCiU9EapeRyuvAKn1AyTitp1p.png)

To start the application:

1. Register a new application on [GitHub](https://github.com/settings/applications/new)
    - Enter http://lvh.me:4000/auth/github/callback for the Authorization callback URL
2. Set the `GITHUB_REDIRECT_URI` environment variable to the callback URL
3. Set the `GITHUB_CLIENT_ID` and `GITHUB_CLIENT_SECRET` environment variables
4. Install Elixir dependencies with `mix deps.get`
5. Install NodeJS dependencies with `npm install`
6. Setup the database with `mix ecto.setup`
7. Start the application with `mix phoenix.server`

Now you can visit `lvh.me:4000` from your browser and click "Sign in with
GitHub".

After authorizing the application, you should see the welcome message above.
